Hey, good morning, family.
I was in prayer like I normally do, and He said, "I want you to teach them how to get strong; I want you to teach them how to find their own food.
" There are hard days coming, and I need you all to understand that we're in a time like never before.
This is a time that is very serious.
We are in the last of the last seconds before Jesus Christ comes back.
Yes, there are things that still need to take place.
There is a great revival that will take place—a great harvest of souls—but we've got to start standing.
You need to learn how to stand on the Word, your Covenant, and the blood.
Go over Ephesians over and over in the book of Acts and Romans, reading them over and over again so you understand who you are in Christ.
I'm just trying to tell you—a lot of people say you're trying to scare us, but no, I'm trying to prepare you.
I'm trying to mentally prepare you because the more you hear it, the more you're going to become ready for it.
More of these churches are preaching compromise; they're not teaching you what's going to come and what's about to happen.
A lot of them are just teaching you a little bitty thing just to get you to give your offerings and your tithes and whatever they can get out of you for those thirty minutes.
They teach you a little watered-down, milky word, and then they send you on your way because they don't want to ruffle feathers.
They don't want to cause the big main givers to stop coming to church because they're the bread of the church.
They come in there and you all bless and sow and give to these people, but they're not teaching you how to stand by faith and how to live by faith and how to combat what's about to happen.
There are some really good churches out there, and as long as they're preaching and teaching you how to stand and live by faith and how to combat what's coming in the days ahead, then you're good.
But if you're getting a watered-down word and you're not hearing the truth, run!
Run!
You've got to know this stuff.
This is part of what the Lord has told me for today: a good percentage of you do not know how to speak in tongues or understand the baptism of the Holy Spirit at all, and it is very important.
You all ask me all the time, "How do you see the things you see?
How do you go where you go in the spirit?
" It is not by praying in English.
I get there by praying in tongues—praying in the Holy Ghost—and I do this all the time.
I practice praying in the spirit.
I would say—and I'm not going to exaggerate—probably 80% of my day, in some way, I'm praying in the spirit under my breath: driving down the road, doing yard work, whatever.
I've just practiced.
It's like lifting weights.
I've just learned how to practice speaking in tongues and doing it all the time.
Whether I get distracted with something or I'm walking down the hall, I'll end up just starting to pray in tongues or singing in the spirit.
A lot of people on here go, "Well, you can't pray in tongues unless you have an interpreter.
" You're wrong, and I'm going to prove it today.
I'm going to show you the scriptures to tell you how wrong you are.
I pray in tongues all the time, and you need to know this.
Just like we have angelic presences that watch over us, there is a demonic presence that is assigned like a familiar spirit to watch you.
When you have that demonic spirit that tries to follow you around, it tries to watch and hear what you're going to be saying because your life and death is in the power of the tongue.
What you say out of your mouth yesterday is what you're living today.
It's a process.
You say and you sow with your mouth and you're reaping the harvest the next day.
You have got to learn that your tongue is powerful.
The enemy listens to your prayers and tries to see where you're weak that day.
He watches and he listens because he can go back and report, "Well, she's having a problem with depression because she's praying about depression today," or "She's having a problem with anxiety," or "She's having a problem with her husband and they're fighting, and I hear what she's saying in her tongue and how she's complaining all the time, so we just got to keep putting pressure.
" They go back and they strategize: "How do I put pressure in that area to keep hitting her because we know what we're doing is working?
" You start saying all this stuff out of your mouth and you're praying, "Oh God, I'm having a hard time today, God please help me.
Oh, Johnny's out doing drugs again.
" You're interceding.
Just like how it was in army times—you know, you would send a pigeon with a message, a secret code of what was going on in the battle.
Then they brought cryptographers in, and it was a secret message that only the really genius people could decipher because they didn't want the enemy to get the battle plans.
When you get in the spirit and you're praying in tongues, the enemy does not know what you're praying, so he's confused.
He doesn't want you praying in the spirit; that's why it's been hit so hard in the body of Christ.
Satan has come against praying in tongues more than any other gift.
We hear about prophecy and all these other things, and the church has embraced it.
But if you start talking about praying in tongues, the church says it's of the devil.
I haven't heard anybody in a bar smoking weed or drinking or going to strip clubs praying in tongues.
They're not doing that because if it was of the devil, the devil's crowd would be doing it.
They would be out drinking whiskey and praying in tongues.
The devil wants you to be good at sin.
Have you ever been in an R-rated movie and had somebody cussing and acting stupid while praying in tongues?
Sin is sin, folks, and the devil's a master at keeping people in sin.
Everyone says praying in tongues is of the devil, but then why is the devil's crowd not doing it?
Let the elevator go to the top, folks.
It's a gift, and the devil has deceived the church, trying to tell them that it's of the devil so you won't want to do it.
He knows how effective the prayer is and how you can get in the spirit and whip his butt.
People push it back and go, "Well, we don't want this in our church because it's of the devil.
" All you're doing is falling for his evil deceit.
Speaking in tongues is a tool.
When you have the ability to give hidden messages to the Lord by speaking in tongues—when the spirit prays through you and causes intercession—you're able to pray the mysteries and you're hitting the target right on.
You're not praying out of the flesh; your spirit bypasses your brain.
You're not praying all the drama of the day: "Well, my boss did me wrong," or "I'm fighting with my wife.
" The devil is over there writing it all down.
Instead, you get in the spirit and start activating your spirit, and it bypasses your brain.
The more you practice, the more you start flowing in the Holy Ghost.
He's able to pray through you and you start singing songs in the spirit, just like the Apostle Paul and Silas in the prison.
The Bible says in Acts that they started singing songs in the spirit, and the power of God filled the jail cell and they were set free.
There was a great, mighty earthquake.
You need to know the same power that was in that jail cell is inside of you.
I'm telling you, God has a plan for your life and a plan to set you free.
The only way you're going to get there in these last days is by praying in the spirit.
I pray in the spirit and intercede in the spirit; this stuff happens all the time.
I'll be praying in the spirit about circumstances concerning my wife or my kids.
barely seldom do I ever pray in English.
I do if I'm in front of other people because I want them to join in with me, but 99% of the time...
90% of my day is praying in tongues.
I'm going to give you a scripture; this is 1 Corinthians 14:2: 'For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God; for no man understands him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries.
' Here is another scripture I want to give you, Jude 1:20: 'But ye, beloved, building up yourself on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost.
' So the Holy Spirit is making intercession for you whenever you are praying and yielding yourself over to the Holy Spirit.
He is praying through you and making intercession through you.
For we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
It comes out because, like I said, when you're praying in your intellect and your natural mind, and you're praying all the things of your flesh, and you're asking God, 'Well, I need this and that,' you don't even know what you really need.
You don't even know how to get the outcome in the natural for what you're going through.
Your marriage could be in trouble, or your kids could be in trouble, but you're praying only what your intellect knows.
Instead of shooting blindly at a target, you're hitting the target on the bullseye when you're praying in tongues.
You might think, 'I need this, I need that,' but the Spirit knows more than you.
Of course, the Holy Ghost knows more than you.
So He is praying through you in tongues to move the circumstances toward what you need with a perfect prayer, and it's coming out of your spirit.
A lot of people say, 'How do I receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit?
' Just like Peter stepping out on the water—he was the only man we know of who walked on the water other than Christ—he had to do it by faith.
He had to step out and use his legs to step out of the boat and walk on the water.
You cannot stand there like a puppet and expect the Spirit of the Lord to move through you and move your tongue.
You can't be like a wooden doll; you've got to do it by faith.
You've got to start speaking out of your mouth.
It may sound crazy to you, but as you start speaking, the Holy Ghost will start taking over your tongue and it'll start flowing through you.
The more you yield to the Holy Spirit—saying, 'I yield to you, Holy Spirit; pray through me today'—and you start praying that gift out of you and interceding, He will start taking over and you'll just start flowing.
I'm telling you, this is how I see mountains moved and how I walk in the Spirit, seeing the supernatural.
If you want to start walking in the things of the Spirit, you have to start praying in the Holy Ghost concerning your circumstances every single day.
Do you think that Paul and Silas were singing in the spirit by singing 'Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me'?
No, I believe they were singing in tongues.
They got over in the Spirit, and praying in tongues brought forth a Holy Ghost fire in that jail cell, and the walls began to shake and the power of God set them free.
What I'm trying to say to you is that you've got to tap into a higher source.
You've got to tap into the Holy Ghost in these last days if you want to see these miracles and the last outpouring.
For the greater works that we will do, you've got to tap into the greater power, which is the Holy Ghost, and He dwells on the inside of you.
You've got to pray in tongues and seek His face.
That's how I do it.
I was just asking, 'How do I take these people to another level?
' Out of my own ignorance, I thought a lot of you probably knew how to pray in tongues, and the Lord revealed to me that you do not.
So I'm going to put a link in the description right now for 'Why Tongues.
' There is a lot more education on this than what I just gave you; it is a little booklet by Kenneth Hagin Ministries.
This little pamphlet will help you out a lot.
I pray right now in the name of Jesus that everybody watching who desires to be baptized in the Holy Ghost—Holy Spirit, move on them right now.
I ask You to fill them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet with the power of the Holy Spirit.
Now you just start yielding and praying with me.
You've got to move your mouth and do it by faith.
He's not going to take your tongue over; you've got to do it.
It may sound goofy to your ears, but it comes up out of your spirit.
He's going to take over your tongue right now as you yield.
Oh Father, we pray a perfect prayer to You today that the enemy does not understand.
He does not have a clue because he's blinded.
He's a flesh devil, and he's mad because he doesn't hear what we're praying.
We're praying what the Holy Ghost tells us to pray.
So, Father, we yield ourselves to the Holy Spirit right now.
Pray through me, Holy Spirit; use me.
Oh Father, anoint me to do something great in these last days.
I thank You, Father, for Your glory and what You're going to do in these people's lives today.
Just like the old saint, William Seymour, the African-American preacher at the Azusa Street Revival.
He said, 'Dip my heart in the kerosene of Thy Spirit that I may burn for You.
' Set my heart ablaze, Lord.
You've got to be desperate and hungry and let the Holy Ghost move through you.
How badly do you want Him in your life?
There is a level He wants to take you to through prayer.
You've got to come out of your intellect and yield to Him.
The only way you're ever going to tap into the greater manifestations of the Spirit of God is by the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
Without that, it's just religion.
Yes, He hears all our prayers and He loves you, but I'm telling you, you want to be able to bypass the devil because those familiar spirits are assigned to listen to you.
Let's go up higher today.
Jesus has a plan for your life, and He wants you to walk in the greater anointing and lay hands on the sick and see them recover.
There's an impartation of the Spirit when you lay hands on somebody and the fire flows through you.
Some say, 'Well, you've got to have an interpreter.
' No, I just showed you in scripture that you don't always have to have an interpreter.
That is for when you are delivering a message in tongues in church.
You've got to do everything in order.
But whenever you pray as a unit in a prayer service, there's power in that.
Everybody brings their piece of the pie and you pray as a unit.
You get all this through prayer, listening to Him, and developing your inner spiritual voice by praying in tongues and reading your Bible.
That's how I hear Him so well.
I developed that over the years through the Holy Spirit leading me.
I hear it in the comment section all the time, 'I don't hear the voice of the Lord.
' He said, 'My sheep will hear my voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
' You first have to understand your covenant.
Just like a marriage, what's mine is theirs and what's yours is mine.
When you're in covenant with the Lord, everything in heaven is yours and everything you have is His.
You're in a better lineup because He has the cattle on a thousand hills.
When He asks you to give, be quick to obey, because He wants to give back to you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over shall men give into your bosom.
I'm telling you, you start getting in line with the Lord, and He'll start taking care of you.
God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think, according to the power that worketh in you.
You've got to get out of this small thinking; you're dealing with the great God, Jehovah.
Let Him be the captain of your ship.
You need to understand what the blood did for you.
The anointing oil is a representation of the blood; the oil itself doesn't scare the devil, but your faith in applying the bloodline does.
Where the blood is, the devil cannot cross over.
The blood of Jesus Christ cleansed you from all unrighteousness and heals your body.
By His stripes, you are whole.
That's why you take communion.
Taking communion daily is the meal that heals.
It drives out cancer, diabetes, and heart disease.
He became sin for us, and what He bore in His body, we need not bear in our own.
Jesus wants to set you free, but you've got to yield to this freedom.
Remember that your covenant is by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of your testimony.
He gives you a power gift called the Holy Spirit.
You've got to walk in that power and authority in these last days.
I feel the Holy Spirit so strong right now.
I want so desperately for you all to be free.
It's time to come up.
The only way is to understand what Jesus did for you on that cross.
You need to take communion daily and pray in tongues.
Remind Him of what He did for you 2,000 years ago.
The eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart that is perfect toward Him.
Let His eyes rest on you today.
Tell Him, 'Lord, help me to be that vessel.
' The only way you're ever going to be able to do it is by being filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
I hope this message has helped you today.
I really appreciate all the likes and shares.
I'm humbled by the kind comments and emails.
When you've been beaten down for so long, and people tell you that you'll never preach the gospel, it's nice to have people believe in you.
Even whenever the Lord's in your corner and He's saying, 'Brandon, you can do this,' it's nice to have people be kind.
I'm a work in progress, but I'll share what I've learned.
We're still standing.
When all else fails, just stand there with a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
Thank you for watching and have a blessed day.